♪ Every case in the forest ♪
♪ Is challenging and difficult ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ Will find the answer ♪
♪ We're the best case solvers ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ We are the best partners ♪
LITTLE DETECTIVES
TOBY & TERI
That rain was perfect.
Everybody ready?
Ha ha!
We've got shovels and buckets.
And look what I've got!
We're going to make
the best mud pies ever.
We know where to find
the best mud in the world!
That's right.
Next stop, Mud Island.
Come on!
-Yay!
-[laughs]
-[gasps]
-What?
[Millie]
Hey! What happened to our log?
[Bean]
It's gone!
Wait.
Are we in the right spot?
Yeah. We followed the trail,
and that's Mud Island,
but without our log,
we have no bridge to get across.
Where'd it go?
We gotta find out,
and I know who can help.
[Teri]
Hmm.
I took this just last month.
If we use the picture,
we can see exactly where it was.
You can see where the log was.
And look at these footprints.
Someone pushed our bridge
into the creek.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
Someone took the bridge
to Mud Island. But why?
Until we find out, nobody's
making any Mud Island mud pies.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this.
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
-[Rumy sighs]
-[Millie] That does it.
Hey! Did you find our bridge?
No. This is a new one.
We found it
lying across the trail.
If you can get
to Mud Island now,
you just aced this case!
And just in time.
That mud is getting less muddy
every second.
Better get there
before it dries up.
Wanna come make
mud pies with us?
-Yeah, that sounds like fun.
-Even detectives need a day off.
Then come on!
Whoa!
Now our new bridge is gone.
And we're back on the case.
Looks like it.
Okay, let's start
at the beginning.
The log that just disappeared,
where'd you find it?
We found the log right here.
This tree didn't just fall over.
it was cut down!
But why? Nobody in Acorn Springs
cuts down trees.
[tree falls]
Hear that?
Someone's doing it again.
If we catch them,
we can find out why.
And maybe get our bridge back.
Bet he's headed for the creek!
You and Bean go back there,
keep an eye out.
Jay and Millie,
you come with us.
Stop, tree thief!
[Rumy panting]
No one's here.
Huh. What now?
I wish we could get
to Mud Island.
All that mud is drying up,
and we're just standing here.
Yeah, and Mud Island
has the best mud around!
So where's the tree?
Huh?
It was right here.
These cuts are brand-new.
[Jay]
Those are the same footprints
we saw by the creek,
aren't they?
Yup, and they're wet.
So whoever took the log
came from the creek.
That's why
their feet were wet.
So if we use the clues,
this log went in the creek
just like our bridge.
And logs float,
so if we follow the facts,
we're gonna find our answer...
[together]
Downstream!
Let's go!
[yawning]
I'm bored. You think
there's a way to Mud Island?
Yes. We wait for our friends
to find the log
we use to cross safely.
Or we could not wait
and swing across like pirates.
How does that sound?
[Bean laughs]
[Rumy]
Uh...
that sounds
like a really bad idea.
This is totally gonna work.
Here I go!
Whoa!
Ah!
And there you went.
[groans]
That's a big pile of sticks.
And look!
I think that's our bridge! See?
So someone
is cutting down trees
and putting them in the creek.
[gasps]
Of course!
That's a beaver dam!
Our log thief is a beaver!
[Jay] Wow.
So a beaver lives inside there?
That's amazing!
[bubbling]
[gasping]
Thanks.
I'm glad you think so.
I'm Beatrice,
but you can call me Bea.
I just moved in.
Hello, Bea! I'm Teri.
This is my brother
and our friends.
-Hi!
-Nice to meet you.
This is my dam.
You guys want a closer look?
Yeah!
Wow. It's like a nest,
but bigger and waterproof
and upside down.
It's not like a nest at all.
So what brings you
down to the creek?
We were going to Mud Island.
[Toby]
That was our bridge.
Oh, no. And I took it.
Sorry. I didn't know.
That's okay.
Looks like you needed it.
You know, I could make you
another bridge if you'd like.
Would you?
It would be my pleasure.
[slapping water]
Uh, what are you doing?
This is how beavers
send messages.
I'm telling all my friends
to meet us at Mud Island.
We're gonna build you
the best bridge ever!
Oh, I'm so glad
you guys are here.
Bean had a very bad idea.
It was a good idea. It just--
I just-- and then--
Okay, it was a bad idea.
Hey, Bea! You called?
Yeah. I used their bridge
for my dam.
Well, then we better
build another, right, guys?
[together]
Yeah! Definitely!
If you don't mind,
our friend is stuck
out there on a rock.
Uh... [laughs]
Don't worry. We're on it!
Barry, drop one by the squirrel.
Ben, you're on the fir tree!
Bob, take the pine.
Come on. We're beavers.
Let's get busy!
[laughing]
Hah!
[Bean]
Thanks.
[Beatrice]
Ha! How's that?
-[overlapping chatter]
-Thanks!
Now we can make mud pies!
You guys want to come?
You know,
we've never made mud pies.
Oh, with those tails,
you guys would be great at it!
Okay! Let's go!
[Millie laughs]
Chocolate mud pie
coming right up!
[laughs]
-Oh, yeah!
-Way to go!
-Yeah!
-[laughing]
I like the mud! Hoo hoo!
[laughing]
Whoo-hoo!
Say, "Mud pies"!
Mud pies!
[camera clicks]
Bean was right. When it
comes to making mud pies,
Mud Island is the best.
And thanks to the beavers,
we've got a brand-new bridge.
Just goes to show you,
when you follow the facts,
sometimes you find new friends.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
The Case of the Lost Logs
is officially closed.
Hah!
It's time for Super Squirrel
to finish off this last pancake
with squirrel power...
and a fork.
You better watch out,
Super Squirrel,
because you're no match for
Blue Dart's super speed! Whew!
[growls]
Ha ha!
Captain Bubbles will stop you
with my bubbles of justice!
Ha ha!
The Masked Bunny strikes again
with her secret spice
to cinnamonize the pancake.
Now we can all join forces
and eat this pancake together!
Superheroes, unite!
-[laughing]
-Mmm.
In the name of Acorn Springs,
the Masked Bunny
will now unleash
the acorns of power
for all superheroes.
[gasps]
Oh, no. We're out of acorns.
[Jay gasps]
Then it's up to us
to find more,
which we can do,
because we're superheroes!
Who really like acorns!
Okay, we've got bags for acorns
and walkie-talkies
so we can keep in touch.
Wow, cool!
Captain Bubbles
loves walkie-talkies.
So does Super Squirrel.
Let's go find us some acorns!
-Yeah!
-All right!
[laughing]
Ow!
-[hooting]
-[yells]
I found an acorn. Over.
Me, too! Oh. Oops.
Me, too! Over.
I've got one. Over.
Wow.
[grunting]
Guys, I found a million acorns.
Over! Unh!
Uh-oh.
Guys? Hello?
Super Squirrel, what happened?
Are you okay?
I'm fine,
but I fell into a hollow tree,
and I'm way down here.
But guess what.
It's full of acorns!
Attention, all superheroes!
Super Squirrel is lost!
This is a job
for Toby and Teri.
So you're saying Bean is lost?
Yes. He fell into a tree, but he
doesn't know where exactly.
[groans]
If I really was Captain Bubbles,
I'd have a special bubble that
would lead us straight to him.
That's okay, Rumy.
We'll find him.
Bean, it's Teri. Are you okay?
Yeah, but it's dark down here.
Mmm.
But the acorns sure are tasty!
At least he won't starve.
If nobody knows where he is,
how do we find him?
It sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
Bean could be anywhere,
and we don't have
a single clue yet.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this.
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
So you ate the last pancake?
Not all of it. Bean put a piece
in his pocket for later.
I didn't know he did that.
But I can smell it.
[sniffs]
Bean and his piece of pancake
walked right down this path.
Rumy, you've got a superpower!
I do?
The WhyTab says pigs
have a great sense of smell.
Go on. Follow your nose,
and lead us to Bean.
Stand back,
and let Captain Bubbles
activate his super snout!
[sniffs]
This way.
Aw, I've lost the trail.
There's no more pancake smell.
If we use the clues,
I bet Bean ate the pancake
and washed his hands
in the stream.
One way to find out.
Bean, when you
got to the stream,
did you eat the pancake?
Yeah.
Then I washed my hands
in the stream
and walked across
to the other side.
Boo-yah.
Come on, everybody.
We've got a stream to cross.
Where do we go now?
Let's follow the facts.
What do we know for sure?
We know he's in a tree.
A tree filled with acorns.
[gasps]
And acorns come from oak trees.
Bean, are you in an oak tree?
Yes, a big oak tree!
I don't see any oak trees
around here.
Guys, look! There's a bunch
of oak trees over there!
Wow! You can see
all the way down there?
Sure he can.
According to the WhyTab,
birds have super eyesight.
Ha ha! You're a superhero
with super sight!
The Blue Dart saves the day
and leads the way! Follow me!
Wow, there's lots of oak trees.
How do we find
the one Bean's in?
Just follow the chewing.
Bean's eating acorns
really loudly.
I don't hear anything.
-You're right.
-Not a sound.
Me neither.
Bean, are you eating acorns?
Yeah. [chewing]
They're yummy.
Millie,
you've got super hearing!
[chomping]
Go on, Millie. Listen carefully.
See if you can track the sound.
[Bean chewing]
My supersonic hearing says...
he's this way!
[Bean chewing]
[gasps]
He's in this one right here!
Great job, Millie!
Your superpower is awesome!
[laughs]
Thanks!
Bean, we're here!
Can you hear us?
Yay! I was getting full.
[all laugh]
How are we gonna get him out?
Stand back!
This is where
my superpower comes in.
Bean, Toby's lowering the rope
from his crafty crane. Grab it!
I can't! I can hardly see
anything down here.
It's too dark.
But you can feel
with your hands.
Use your super sense of touch!
I got it!
Super Squirrel
can feel the rope!
Pull me up.
[sighs]
Thanks, guys.
I knew you'd find me.
Your superhero friends
did a super job.
But how are we gonna get all
those acorns out of the tree?
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
Every good crafty crane
comes with an acorn attachment.
[cheering and laughing]
Yummy acorns!
You all were
real superheroes today.
We couldn't have found Bean
without your super senses.
There's one sense
we forgot about.
Time to taste
Millie's acorn pie.
Don't worry.
Captain Bubbles is on the case!
-Mmm!
-Yummy!
I can't wait.
Say, "Superheroes"!
Superheroes!
[camera clicks]
We never would have found Bean
without everyone's super senses.
Good detectives know
when to follow the facts.
[laughs] And when
to follow their friends.
Time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together]
The Case of the Super Squirrel
is officially closed.